add python command injection cheat sheet (#255)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/cheat-sheets/python-command-injection.mdx

Example:

```python
import subprocess
import sys

# Vulnerable
user_input = "foo && cat /etc/passwd" # value supplied by user
subprocess.call("grep -R {} .".format(user_input), shell=True)

# Vulnerable
user_input = "cat /etc/passwd" # value supplied by user
subprocess.run(["bash", "-c", user_input], shell=True)

# Not vulnerable
user_input = "cat /etc/passwd" # value supplied by user
subprocess.Popen(['ls', '-l', user_input])

# Not vulnerable
subprocess.check_output('ls -l dir/')
```

#### References:

- [**subprocess** module documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/subprocess.html)
- [**shlex.split** documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/shlex.html#shlex.split)
- [**shlex.quote** documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/shlex.html#shlex.quote)
- [CVE-2020-7698: Gerapy Command Injection](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-7698)
- [CVE-2020-11981: Apache Airflow Command Injection](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-11981)

#### Mitigation

> Do not let user input in `subprocess` methods. Alternatively,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not let user input into `subprocess` methods. Alternatively,
```

> - Always try to use internal Python API (if it exists) instead of running an OS command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always try to use an internal Python API (if it exists) instead of running an OS command.
```

- Don’t pass user-controlled input.

> - If it is not possible - use an array with a sequence of program arguments instead of a single string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it is not possible, use an array with a sequence of program arguments instead of a single string.
```

> - Use `shlex.split` to correctly parse command string into an array and `shlex.quote` to correctly sanitize input as a command-line parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `shlex.split` to correctly parse a command string into an array and `shlex.quote` to correctly sanitize input as a command-line parameter.
```

> - Avoid running `sh` as a command with arguments, if it is not possible - strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid running `sh` as a command with arguments. If it is not possible, strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.
```

#### Semgrep rule

<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.audit.dangerous-subprocess-use" />

### 1.B. **shell=True**

> Functions from `subprocess` module have `shell` argument for specifying if the command should be executed through the shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions from `subprocess` module have the `shell` argument for specifying if the command should be executed through the shell.
```

> Using `shell=True` is dangerous because it propagates current shell settings and variables,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `shell=True` is dangerous because it propagates current shell settings and variables.
```

> it means that variables, glob patterns, and other special shell features in the command string are processed before the command is run,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that variables, glob patterns, and other special shell features in the command string are processed before the command is run,
```

> which makes it much easier for a malicious actor to execute commands.The `subprocess` module allows you to start new processes, connect to their input/output/error pipes, and obtain their return codes. Such methods as `Popen`, `run`, `call`, `check_call`, `check_output` intended for runnig commands provided as an argument 'args'. Allowing user input in a command that is passed as an argument to one of these methods, can create an opportunity for a Command Injection vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
making it much easier for a malicious actor to execute commands. The `subprocess` module allows you to start new processes, connect to their input/output/error pipes, and obtain their return codes. Methods such as `Popen`, `run`, `call`, `check_call`, `check_output` are intended for running commands provided as an argument ('args'). Allowing user input in a command that is passed as an argument to one of these methods can create an opportunity for a command injection vulnerability.
```

Example:

```python
# prints home directory
subprocess.call('echo $HOME', shell=True)

# throws an error
subprocess.call('echo $HOME', shell=False)
```

#### References:

- [StackOverflow thread about **shell=True**](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3172470/actual-meaning-of-shell-true-in-subprocess)
- [Explanation of **shell** argument from documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/subprocess.html#frequently-used-arguments)

#### Mitigation

> Avoid using `shell=True`. Alternatively,
> 
> - Use `shell=False` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid using `shell=True`. Alternatively, use `shell=False` instead.
```

#### Semgrep rule

<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.audit.subprocess-shell-true" />

### 1.C. Using **os** module to execute commands

> The `os` module provides a portable way of using operating system dependent functionality. Such methods as `system`, `popen` and deprecated `popen2`, `popen3` and `popen4` are intended for runnig commands provided as a string. Letting user supplied data in a command that is passed as an argument to one of these methods, can create an opportunity for a Command Injection vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `os` module provides a portable way of using operating system dependent functionality. Methods such as `system`, `popen` and deprecated `popen2`, `popen3` and `popen4` are intended for running commands provided as a string. Letting user supplied data into a command that is passed as an argument to one of these methods can create an opportunity for a command injection vulnerability.
```

Example:

```python
import os

# Vulnerable
user_input = "foo && cat /etc/passwd" # value supplied by user
os.system("grep -R {} .".format(user_input))

# Vulnerable
user_input = "foo && cat /etc/passwd" # value supplied by user
os.popen("ls -l " + user_input)
```

#### References:

- [**os** module documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/os.html)

#### Mitigation

> Do not let user input in `os` methods. Alternatively,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not let user input into `os` methods. Alternatively,
```

> - Always try to use internal Python API (if it exists) instead of running an OS command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always try to use an internal Python API (if it exists) instead of running an OS command.
```

- Consider using `subprocess` functions with array of program arguments.
- Don’t pass user-controlled input.

> - If it is not possible, then do not let running arbitrary commands, use a white list for inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it is not possible, then don’t let running arbitrary commands. Use an allow list for inputs.
```

#### Semgrep rule

<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.audit.dangerous-system-call" />

### 1.D. Using **os** module to spawn a process

> The `os` module allows executing the program path in a new process. Variations of spawn method: `spawnl`, `spawnle`, `spawnlp`, `spawnlpe`, `spawnv`, `spawnve`, `spawnvp`, `spawnvpe`, `posix_spawn` and `posix_spawnp` are intended for spawning a process with a program passed as a string argument. Allowing spawning arbitrary programs or running shell processes with arbitrary arguments may end up in a command injection vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `os` module allows executing the program path in a new process. Variations of spawn method including `spawnl`, `spawnle`, `spawnlp`, `spawnlpe`, `spawnv`, `spawnve`, `spawnvp`, `spawnvpe`, `posix_spawn` and `posix_spawnp` are intended for spawning a process with a program passed as a string argument. Allowing spawning of arbitrary programs or running shell processes with arbitrary arguments may result in a command injection vulnerability.
```

Example:

```python
import os

# Vulnerable
user_input = "/foo/bar" # value supplied by user
os.spawnlpe(os.P_WAIT, user_input, ["-a"], os.environ)

# Vulnerable
user_input = "cat /etc/passwd" # value supplied by user
os.spawnve(os.P_WAIT, "/bin/bash", ["-c", user_input], os.environ)
```

#### References:

- [**os** module documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/os.html)

#### Mitigation

> Do not let user input in `spawn` methods. Alternatively,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not let user input into `spawn` methods. Alternatively,
```

> - Always try to use internal Python API (if it exists) instead of running an OS command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always try to use an internal Python API (if it exists) instead of running an OS command.
```

- Don’t pass user-controlled input.

> - Use `shlex.split` to correctly parse command string into an array and `shlex.quote` to correctly sanitize input as a command-line parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `shlex.split` to correctly parse a command string into an array and `shlex.quote` to correctly sanitize input as a command-line parameter.
```

> - Avoid running `sh` as a command with arguments, if it is not possible - strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid running `sh` as a command with arguments. If it’s not possible to avoid, strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.
```

#### Semgrep rule

<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.audit.dangerous-spawn-process.dangerous-spawn-process" />

### 1.E. Replacing currnet process with **exec**

> Execution methods of the `os` module are intended to execute a new program, replacing the current process. All available methods are `execl`, `execle`, `execlp`, `execlpe`, `execv`, `execve`, `execvp`, `execvpe`. Allowing running arbitrary programs or running shell processes with arbitrary arguments may end up in a command injection vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execution methods of the `os` module are intended to execute a new program, replacing the current process. The available methods are `execl`, `execle`, `execlp`, `execlpe`, `execv`, `execve`, `execvp`, and `execvpe`. Allowing running of arbitrary programs or running shell processes with arbitrary arguments may result in a command injection vulnerability.
```

Example:

```python
import os

# Vulnerable
user_input = "/evil/code" # value supplied by user
os.execl(user_input, '/foo/bar', '--do-smth')

# Vulnerable
user_input = "cat /etc/passwd" # value supplied by user
os.execve("/bin/bash", ["/bin/bash", "-c", user_input], os.environ)
```

#### References:

- [**os** module documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/os.html)

#### Mitigation

> Do not let user input in `exec` methods. Alternatively,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not let user input into `exec` methods. Alternatively,
```

> - Always try to use internal Python API (if it exists) instead of running an OS command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always try to use internal an Python API (if it exists) instead of running an OS command.
```

- Don’t pass user-controlled input.

> - Use `shlex.split` to correctly parse command string into an array and `shlex.quote` to correctly sanitize input as a command-line parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `shlex.split` to correctly parse a command string into an array and `shlex.quote` to correctly sanitize input as a command-line parameter.
```

> - Avoid running `sh` as a command with arguments, if it is not possible - strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid running `sh` as a command with arguments. If it’s not possible to avoid, strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.
```

Example:

```bash
# directory example
[root@user public]# ls -al
total 20
drwxrwxr-x.  5 user   user   4096 Oct 28 17:04 .
drwx------. 22 user   user   4096 Oct 28 16:15 ..
drwxrwxr-x.  2 user   user   4096 Oct 28 17:04 DIR1
drwxrwxr-x.  2 user   user   4096 Oct 28 17:04 DIR2
drwxrwxr-x.  2 user   user   4096 Oct 28 17:04 DIR3
-rw-rw-r--.  1 user   user      0 Oct 28 17:03 file1.txt
-rw-rw-r--.  1 nobody nobody    0 Oct 28 16:38 -rf

# running Python code like this will use `-rf` as an argument for rm and force delete all directories
os.system("/bin/rm *")
```

#### References:

- [Article about Unix wildcard poisoning tricks](https://www.defensecode.com/public/DefenseCode_Unix_WildCards_Gone_Wild.txt)

#### Mitigation

Avoid wildcards in Unix shell commands.

#### Semgrep rule

<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.audit.system-wildcard-detected" />

### 1.G. Running shell commands asynchronously

`asyncio.subprocess` is an async/await API to create and manage subprocesses.
Such methods as `create_subprocess_shell` and Event Loop's `subprocess_shell` are intended for running shell commands provided as an argument 'cmd'.

> Allowing user input in a command that is passed as an argument to one of these methods, can create an opportunity for a Command Injection vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allowing user input into a command that is passed as an argument to one of these methods can create an opportunity for a command injection vulnerability.
```

Example:

```python
import asyncio

# Vulnerable
user_input = "cat /etc/passwd" # value supplied by user
loop = asyncio.new_event_loop()
# This is similar to the standard library subprocess.Popen class called with shell=True
loop.subprocess_shell(asyncio.SubprocessProtocol, user_input)

# Vulnerable
user_input = "cat /etc/passwd" # value supplied by user
asyncio.subprocess.create_subprocess_shell(user_input)
```

#### References:

- [**asyncio subprocess** documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio-subprocess.html)
- [**Event Loop subprocess_shell** documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio-eventloop.html#asyncio.loop.subprocess_shell)

#### Mitigation

> Do not let user input in `asyncio subprocess` methods. Alternatively,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not let user input into `asyncio subprocess` methods. Alternatively,
```

> - Always try to use internal Python API (if it exists) instead of running an OS command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always try to use an internal Python API (if it exists) instead of running an OS command.
```

- Consider using asyncio.subprocess functions with array of program arguments (e.g. `create_subprocess_exec`).
- Don’t pass user-controlled input.

> - If it is not possible, then do not let running arbitrary commands, use a white list for inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it’s not possible, then don’t let running arbitrary commands. Use an allow list for inputs.
```

#### Semgrep rule

<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.audit.dangerous-asyncio-shell.dangerous-asyncio-shell" />

### 1.H. Creating subprocesses asynchronously

> `asyncio.subprocess` also allows to create subprocesses asynchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`asyncio.subprocess` also allows the creation of subprocesses asynchronously.
```

Such methods as `create_subprocess_exec` and Event Loop's `subprocess_exec` are intended for creating a subprocess from one or more string arguments specified by args.

> Allowing user input in a command that is passed as an argument to one of these methods, can create an opportunity for a Command Injection vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allowing user input into a command that is passed as an argument to one of these methods can create an opportunity for a command injection vulnerability.
```

Example:

```python
import asyncio

# Vulnerable
user_input = "/evil/exe" # value supplied by user
loop = asyncio.new_event_loop()
loop.subprocess_exec(asyncio.SubprocessProtocol, [user_input, "--parameter"])

# Vulnerable
user_input = "cat /etc/passwd" # value supplied by user
asyncio.subprocess.create_subprocess_exec("bash", ["bash", "-c", user_input])

# Not vulnerable
user_input = "/evil/exe" # value supplied by user
loop = asyncio.new_event_loop()
loop.subprocess_exec(asyncio.SubprocessProtocol, ['ls', '-l', user_input])
```

#### References:

- [**asyncio subprocess** documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio-subprocess.html)

#### Mitigation

> Do not let user input in `asyncio subprocess` methods. Alternatively,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not let user input into `asyncio subprocess` methods. Alternatively,
```

> - Always try to use internal Python API (if it exists) instead of running an OS command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always try to use an internal Python API (if it exists) instead of running an OS command.
```

- Don’t pass user-controlled input.

> - Use `shlex.split` to correctly parse command string into an array and `shlex.quote` to correctly sanitize input as a command-line parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `shlex.split` to correctly parse a command string into an array and `shlex.quote` to correctly sanitize input as a command-line parameter.
```

> - Avoid running `sh` as a command with arguments, if it is not possible - strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid running `sh` as a command with arguments. If it’s not possible to avoid, strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.
```

#### Semgrep rule

<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.audit.dangerous-asyncio-exec.dangerous-asyncio-exec" />
<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.audit.dangerous-asyncio-create-exec.dangerous-asyncio-create-exec" />

## 2. Executing\evaluating code

### 2.A. Executing code with **exec**

`exec()` function supports dynamic execution of Python code.
`exec()` can be dangerous if used to execute dynamic content.
If this content can be input from outside the program, this may be a code injection vulnerability.

Example:

```python
# Value supplied by user
user_input = "');import requests;requests.get('localhost:3000');print('"

# Vulnerable
exec("foobar('{}')".format(user_input))
```

#### References:

- [**exec** documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#exec)

#### Mitigation

Do not use `exec()` for non literal values. Alternatively,

- Ensure executed content is not definable by external sources.

> - If it is not possible - strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it’s not possible, strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.
```

- Don’t try to make `exec` safe with tricks like `{'__builtins__':{}}`

#### Semgrep rule

<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.audit.exec-detected.exec-detected" />

### 2.B. Evaluating code with **eval**

`eval()` function evaluates string value as a Python expression.
`eval()` can be dangerous if used to evaluate dynamic content.
If this content can be input from outside the program, this may be a code injection vulnerability.

Example:

```python
# Value supplied by user
user_input = "__import__('code').InteractiveInterpreter().runsource('import requests;requests.get(\'localhost:3000\')')"

# Vulnerable
eval(user_input)
```

#### References:

- [**eval()** documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#eval)

#### Mitigation

Do not use `eval()`. Alternatively,

- Ensure evaluated content is not definable by external sources.

> - If it is not possible - strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it’s not possible, strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.
```

Example:

```python
# Server example: starting up a socket server on 9999 port, and listening for new configurations.
import logging
import logging.config

logging.config.fileConfig('logging.conf')
t = logging.config.listen(9999)
t.start()

# Client example: sending configuration from `data_to_send` variable to localhost:9999
import socket, sys, struct

# Config example: print("pwned") will be evaluated and "pwned" will be printed to the console
data_to_send = """
[loggers]
keys=root

[handlers]
keys=hand01

[formatters]
keys=form01

[logger_root]
level=NOTSET
handlers=hand01

[handler_hand01]
class=StreamHandler
level=NOTSET
formatter=form01
args=(print("pwned"),)

[formatter_form01]
format=F1 %(asctime)s %(levelname)s %(message)s
datefmt=
class=logging.Formatter
"""

s = socket.socket(socket.AF_INET, socket.SOCK_STREAM)
s.connect(('localhost', 9999))
s.send(struct.pack('>L', len(data_to_send)))
s.send(data_to_send)
s.close()
```

#### References:

- [**logging.config.listen()** documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.config.html#logging.config.listen)

#### Mitigation

Verify what is sent across the socket. Alternatively,

> - To avoid the risk, use the verify argument to `logging.config.listen()` to prevent unrecognised configurations from being applied. This could be done by encrypting and/or signing what is sent across the socket, such that the verify callable can perform signature verification and/or decryption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To avoid the risk, use the verify argument to `logging.config.listen()` to prevent unrecognized configurations from being applied. This could be done by encrypting and/or signing what is sent across the socket, such that the verify callable can perform signature verification and/or decryption.
```

#### Semgrep rule

<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.audit.logging.listeneval.listen-eval" />

### 2.D. Running code in interactive interpreter

The code module provides facilities to implement read-eval-print loops in Python.
Two classes: `InteractiveInterpreter` and `InteractiveConsole` are used for that.

> Both have methods that can execute Python code, `InteractiveInterpreter.runcode` executes a code object and `InteractiveConsole.push` interprets a  string as a Python code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both have methods that can execute Python code: `InteractiveInterpreter.runcode` executes a code object and `InteractiveConsole.push` interprets a string as Python code.
```

This is dangerous if external data can reach these function calls because it allows a malicious actor to run arbitrary Python code.

Example:

```python
import code

# Value supplied by user
user_input = "print('pwned')"
console = code.InteractiveConsole()
# Vulnerable
console.push(user_input)

# Value supplied by user
user_input = "print('pwned')"
interpreter = code.InteractiveInterpreter()
# Vulnerable
interpreter.runcode(code.compile_command(user_input))
```

#### References:

- [**code** module documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/code.html)

#### Mitigation

Do not let user input in `InteractiveInterpreter`/`InteractiveConsole` methods. Alternatively,

- Ensure evaluated content is not definable by external sources.

> - If it is not possible - strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it’s not possible, strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.
```

#### Semgrep rule

<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.audit.dangerous-code-run.dangerous-interactive-code-run" />

### 2.E. Using **subinterpreter** to run code

`_xxsubinterpreters.run_string` is an internal Python function that interprets the string as Python code.
If unverified user data can reach `run_string`, this is a command injection vulnerability.
A malicious actor can inject a malicious string to execute arbitrary Python code.

Example:

```python
import _xxsubinterpreters

# Value supplied by user
user_input = "print('pwned')"

# Vulnerable
_xxsubinterpreters.run_string(_xxsubinterpreters.create(), user_input)
```

#### References:

- [**subinterpreters** documentation](https://pythondev.readthedocs.io/subinterpreters.html)

#### Mitigation

Do not let user input in `_xxsubinterpreters` methods. Alternatively,

- Ensure evaluated content is not definable by external sources.

> - If it is not possible - strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it’s not possible, strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.
```

#### Semgrep rule

<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.audit.dangerous-subinterpreters-run-string.dangerous-subinterpreters-run-string" />

### 2.F. Runing **subinterpreter** from regression tests package

`run_in_subinterp` is a funciton from regression tests package for Python that runs code in subinterpreter.
This is dangerous if external data can reach this function call because it allows a malicious actor to run arbitrary Python code.

Example:

```python
import _testcapi

# Value supplied by user
user_input = "print('pwned')"

# Vulnerable
_testcapi.run_in_subinterp(user_input)

from test import support

# Value supplied by user
user_input = "print('pwned')"

# Vulnerable
support.run_in_subinterp(user_input)
```

#### References:

- [**test** module documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/test.html)

#### Mitigation

Do not let user input in `run_in_subinterp` function. Alternatively,

- Ensure evaluated content is not definable by external sources.

> - If it is not possible - strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it’s not possible, strip everything except alphanumeric characters from an input provided for the command string and arguments.
```

Example:

```python
# Name of the arbitrary function supplied by user
user_input = "Name of the function" 

# Vulnerable call of arbitrary function
function = locals().get(user_input)
function()

# Name of the arbitrary function supplied by user
user_input = "Name of the function"

# Vulnerable call of arbitrary function
function = test1.__globals__[user_input]
function()
```

#### References:

- [Vulnerable code example](https://github.com/mpirnat/lets-be-bad-guys/blob/d92768fb3ade32956abd53bd6bb06e19d634a084/badguys/vulnerable/views.py#L181-L186)
- [**locals()** documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#locals)
- [**globals()** documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#globals)

#### Mitigation

Do not access global/local symbol tables. Refactor your code not to use `globals()` and `locals()`.

#### Semgrep rule

<LinkToRegistryRule ruleId="python.lang.security.dangerous-globals-use.dangerous-globals-use" />

### 3.B. Dynamically updating and accessing code annotations

Annotations passed to `typing.get_type_hints()` are evaluated in `globals` and `locals` namespaces.

> Make sure that no arbitrary value can be written as the annotation and passed to `typing.get_type_hints` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that no arbitrary value can be written as the annotation and passed to the `typing.get_type_hints` function.
```
